Draft package vignettes (#17)
CityRiverSpaces/CRiSp: vignettes/corridor-segmentation.Rmd

---
title: "3. Corridor segmentation"
output: rmarkdown::html_vignette
vignette: >
  %\VignetteIndexEntry{3. Corridor segmentation}
  %\VignetteEngine{knitr::rmarkdown}
  %\VignetteEncoding{UTF-8}
---

```{r, include = FALSE}
knitr::opts_chunk$set(
  collapse = TRUE,
  comment = "#>"
)
```

```{r setup}
library(CRiSp)
```

> For a more detailed analysis of an urban river corridor, corridor-level delineation may not be sufficient. The corridor needs to be subdivided into smaller morphological units. Segmentation is a process of subdividing the corridor by using major transversal road or rail infrastructure lines.

Author: There might be casese in which only the corridor is needed, without segmentation. Also, to answer your question, we might have parameters that can control the result of segmentation, such as the optional inclusion of the rail network and setting a segment size threshold. I would leave this open and keep this as a separate vignette for now. If we see later that there is no reason to separate corridor delineation from segmentation and to allow for user input in segmentation, we can drop this vignette and segmentation customisation functionality.

> By default, the all-in-one function `delineate_corridor()` divides the corridor into segments. It is also possible to use the `delinate_segment()` function to divide the corridor in a separate step. To demonstrate this as a separate step, we will use the built-in `bucharest_corridor` and `bucharest_streets` as input.

Reviewer: Maybe it would be good to link to the corridor-delineation vignette where `delineate_corridor()` is explained.

also a small textual suggestion:
```suggestion
By default, the all-in-one function `delineate_corridor()` includes the division of the corridor into segments. It is also possible to use the `delineate_segment()` function to divide the corridor in a separate step. 
To demonstrate the delineation of segments as a separate step in the following, we will use the built-in `bucharest_corridor` and `bucharest_streets` as input.
```

> By default, the all-in-one function `delineate_corridor()` divides the corridor into segments. It is also possible to use the `delinate_segment()` function to divide the corridor in a separate step. To demonstrate this as a separate step, we will use the built-in `bucharest_corridor` and `bucharest_streets` as input.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, the all-in-one function `delineate_corridor()` divides the corridor into segments. It is also possible to use the `delineate_segment()` function to divide the corridor in a separate step. To demonstrate this as a separate step, we will use the built-in `bucharest_corridor` and `bucharest_streets` as input.
```

> By default, the all-in-one function `delineate_corridor()` divides the corridor into segments. It is also possible to use the `delineate_segment()` function to divide the corridor in a separate step. To demonstrate this as a separate step, we will use the built-in `bucharest_corridor` and `bucharest_streets` as input.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, the all-in-one function `delineate_corridor()` includes the division of the corridor into segments. It is also possible to use the `delineate_segment()` function to divide the corridor in a separate step. 

To demonstrate this as a separate step, we will use the built-in `bucharest_corridor` and `bucharest_streets` as input.
```

> By default, the all-in-one function `delineate_corridor()` function divides the corridor into segments. It is also possible to use the `delinate_segment()` function to divide the corridor in a separate step. To demonstrate this as a separate step, we will use the built-in `bucharest_corridor` and `bucharest_streets` as input.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the all-in-one function `delineate_corridor()` divides the corridor into segments. It is also possible to use the `delinate_segment()` function to divide the corridor in a separate step. To demonstrate this as a separate step, we will use the built-in `bucharest_corridor` and `bucharest_streets` as input.
```

```{r eval=FALSE}

> segmented_corridor <- delineate_segments(bucharest_corridor, bucharest_streets)

Reviewer: the function called here (`delineate_segments()`) is not the same as mentioned in the text above (`delinate_segment()`)

Author: Thanks for pointing this out. I updated the text above.
